Oh, did you?
Master Xu, look at this ground
It's all holes made of yellow leather
I think you can.
Try to break through in that direction
Also, look at this southwest corner
Apparently it has just been refurbished
I think there's something underneath this.
Ok let go
What is this?
There are Yin Xia Town and Zhao Ling Town under Feng Shui Master
This Yinxia Town absorbs the evil spirit between heaven and earth
Condensed in this destroying foundation
Will completely destroy the project
Now what?
Mr. Qin, don't worry.
Thanks to Su Shao's smoking reminder
I have cracked Yinxia Town and Zhaoling Town
The problem that bothered you has been solved, which is great.
Hey
Who let you go?